Behind me is DRIU, a training unit for repairing damage.
It's a big metal box that we flood.
It's a replica of a ship.
The inside is a copy of most British Royal Navy ships.
It is mainly used for the repair of damaged ship.
This is serious. I...
We'll have to try to repair some holes in the ship.
It scares me a little.
It's water at normal temperature. We'll be freezing.
We have 4 sections divided into three decks.
We have total control over the water level, the amount of smoke and lighting.
We can simulate pipe damage, holes in the deck and in bulkheads ...
We can rotate the unit up to 15 degrees.
And at different speeds to simulate different weather.
Beginners can only shoot 5 degrees.
It will seem a lot to them.
The trained crew would shoot at 15 degrees to make it harder for them.
"A detected torpedo detected."
You cow!
The first is a breakthrough with a pressure of 8.2 bar.
It points directly to us and we have to resolve it first.
You feel the pressure from two meters.
There is air and water on you.
As I headed for my waist bag, I did not realize how much it felt.
The first hit, Zulu One, will consist of a smaller crack in the deck
and multiple cracks in the side of the ship.
Both of them are clogged with soft wood wedges.
Here he pushes me ... who actually clogged this one?
- It's me. - You?
I tried it, but I could not find the crack.
It was very tricky.
When I sank for the first time, I did not find it either.
I know it was right between your legs.
Even for God, I could not get the wedge there.
I tried to stay optimistic.
But it did not help much.
Anyone who wants to serve on a Royal Navy ship,
must complete DRIU training.
They should be able to enter the flooded part of the ship
and temporarily stop water pickup.
They should be familiar with the equipment, with the possibility of permanent repairs
and should be able to drain water.
This is a multiple crack.
You spent a lot of time up there. It was a lot of work.
A lot of dangling.
But as the water rolls in, they can not find the cracks,
because the level is above them.
What did you do?
I held it.
You had to use all his weight.
Do you see how my legs started to go to the side?
I could not get them back.
This pressure resembles what you would experience several decks under the surface.
Water pressure is relatively realistic.
In some cases, the water is pumped,
this simulates a high-pressure crack or damage to water distribution.
Wedge!
Respect Tom for cutting the wedge.
- In the crisis situation ... - I forgot it.
- "She does not fit in!" - "Yeah, we can do it."
Second hit. You will see an 8 cm wide crack.
It will be poorly accessible. Appears behind the locker.
So someone will have to get into the cabin
and the rest of the team will hold him and look for wedges.
"Detected torpedo triggered.
Several people are watching and influencing the crane.
They have total control over the water level.
If you do well and want to make it harder, it will increase it.
If they want to be worthy, the level will decrease.
In case of emergency, they can quickly drain the water.
They can communicate directly with the head unit on the bridge.
The supervisor can turn on and off accidents,
controls the lights, the smoke and the tilt of the unit.
The water is similar to the pool. We charm her.
It is stored directly below the unit.
We pump her to the side of the tank before training.
This wardrobe...
We all tried.
I still have water in my ears.
Just the power ...
I put my head there like this, so the water did not flow into my face.
- But I did not see anything. The wedges were still sliding sideways.
Most of the time I just breathed water.
So even though I had wedges in the right place,
I had to leave because I forgot to breathe.
But you did it.
- Finally, yeah. - How did you do that?
Just put the wedges on the left side of the hole
and then pushing them upstream.
So such an arrow formation.
Two on the side and one in the middle.
He stuck him there and stumbled.
Those wedges gave me exactly in such a formation
and then I got a hammer ...
It worked.
We are looking for material to better crack clogging.
A sandwich composed of rubber, steel and wood is laid on board.
This is an important part of the training.
The flooded sections of the ship are shifting to maneuverability and stability.
Many flooded sections can sink the ship.
There would also be a lot of equipment,
which would directly affect combat effectiveness.
During the war, we must also save the material that will allow us to fight.
During peace, we are just trying to ensure stability so the ship sails.
In controlled simulator conditions
we four needed five attempts to close the opening behind the cabinet.
But professionals can fix it in five minutes.
It took us 20 minutes.
Besides, it was the easiest difficulty.
Previously, I saw rookie training there.
These newcomers worked together.
They knew what to do. We were chaotic.
- They worked together. - We forgot the hammer at one point.
What are we?
But we did it.
They gave us the hammers and we stood up.
Translation: Mithril www.videacesky.cz